Correct sizing tool unit in help text. (#8441)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/sizing/index.md

  <blockquote v-if="help">
    <span v-if="help === 'ingest'">

>     Defines the log volume in gigabytes, ie 1e+9 bytes, expected to be ingested each day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Defines the log volume in gigabytes, in other words, 1e+9 bytes, expected to be ingested each day.
```
